Don’t harm the Empress Dowager any further.
I’ve cursed them all, cursed them all!
They told us we can’t
give them the antidote.
I want them to live in pain for all eternity.
It’s all my fault, Empress Dowager. Ah, ah!
Don’t think you’ll be any better off.
The Empress Dowager has already drunk the tea I gave her today.
Without the antidote,
she will die within ten days.
You have such a ruthless heart.
You seem gentle and kind,
but inside you are more sinister than anyone.
You forced me into this.
Hmph, if you had obediently followed my orders,
I wouldn’t have resorted to this.
It’s too late to say anything now.
Hahaha, you’re rejoicing too soon.
The Empress Dowager never drank that cup of tea.
Impossible.
I saw her drink it with my own eyes.
Don’t believe it, Empress Dowager.
The matter is as it is.
I cannot afford to make any more mistakes.
Your Majesty, please see.
If the Empress Dowager dies, it is all my doing.
I will immediately present the antidote to the Empress Dowager.
Your Majesty, please see.
Your Majesty, please!
What have you done to the Empress Dowager?
Who exactly are you?